Hi I'm Josh, I graduated from IO Academy in December of 2020. I currently work as a full stack developer for The Collecting Group.

We're a global marketplace for collectors to buy and sell, our main focus is cars and watches but we're always looking to expand into other markets.

Today I'd like to show you a little of what I've learned about End-to-End testing with Cypress.

I believe by this point in the course you've been introduced to the importance of testing and the different types of tests.
Is that right? (Check response).

Tests turn you into a super coder, they make you write efficient code the first time, and they save you hours of time in the future.

So can anyone tell me what End to End testing is? It's ok if not(Wait for response)

(end to end tests is checking that the application behaves as expected from the end users perspective.
We're basically simulating how our users are going to use the application)

Ok cool, so in my time at the academy we did a lot of unit tests and maybe a couple of integration tests? But didn't get as far as End to end tests.

And that makes, there's lots of different opinions on testing out there, but generally you want a good amount of unit tests
and a couple of integration tests in place before you get into end to end tests.

(Explain the test triangle)
One of the reasons you want your tests to look like this is because of the problems with end to end testing

I'm sure by this point you're all thinking about applying to jobs, maybe some of you already have.
You might even be thinking about what kind of work you'd like to be doing in your first job.
During my time in the academy an area that I brushed over was testing.
It wasn't something that I found particularly cool or interesting at the time,
what I didn't know was that testing would be the focus of my first few months at my new job.
When I first started at my job I quickly noticed that there was a lack of testing, the code base is PHP and React.
the team was fairly new to React and while the PHP test coverage was good there was no testing to cover our Front End code.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzJPLKVarMw
